Add `uniqueKeys` property to Table Schema (#30)
frictionlessdata/datapackage: content/docs/specifications/table-schema.md

      "primaryKey": ["a", "c"]
     }

### Unique Keys

A unique key is a field or a set of fields that are required to have unique logical values in each row in the table. It is directly modeled on the concept of unique constraint in SQL.

> The `uniqueKeys` property, if present, `MUST` be an array. Each entry in the array `MUST` be a `uniqueKey`. A `uniqueKey` `MUST` be an array of strings with each string corresponding to one of the field `name` values in the `fields` array, denoting that the unique key is made up of those fields. It is acceptable to have an array with a single value, indicating just one field in the unique key.

Reviewer: Replace

> `uniqueKey` `MUST` be an array of

with

> `uniqueKey` `MUST` be a non-empty array of

An example of using the `uniqueKeys` property:

```json
"fields": [
  {
    "name": "a"
  },
  {
    "name": "b"
  },
  {
    "name": "c"
  }
],
"uniqueKeys": [
  ["a"],
  ["a", "b"],
  ["a", "c"]
]
```

In the case of the definition above, the data in the table has to be considered valid only if:

- each row has a unique logical value in the field `a`
- each row has a unique set of logical values in the fields `a` and `b`
- each row has a unique set of logical values in the fields `a` and `c`

#### Handling `null` values

All the field values that are on the logical level are considered to be `null` values `MUST` be excluded from the uniqueness check, as the `uniqueKeys` property is modeled on the concept of unique constraint in SQL.

#### Relation to `constraints.unique`

> The `uniqueKeys` and `field.constraints.unique` are independent ways of defining uniqueness of field values. A data consumer `MUST` check all of the applied constraints separately.

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase this:

- To explain that `uniqueKeys` allows to define uniqueness as a combination of fields (`fields.constraints.unique`) does not, which is why this `uniqueKeys` is a useful property.
- To remove `data consumer` and `MUST`.

```suggestion
In contrast with `field.constraints.unique`, `uniqueKeys` allows to define uniqueness as a combination of fields. Both properties SHOULD be assessed separately.
```
